# CS-230
1. Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
  The Gaming Room is a client who is trying to expand their game, Draw It or Lose it, into multi-platform systems to reach a wider audience with necessary technical requirements. They want to have one or more teams involved, each team with multiple players, unique team names and player names, and only one game can be played at a time with the teams involved. We made an analysis of the other platforms for them and recommended which platform would be best to approach. 
2. What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
  What I did particulary well in developing this documentation is explaining the key differences for each platform of Linux, Mac, Windows and Mobile devices. Another thing I did particulary well with was the design constraints of the documentation. I was able to identify some key issues that could arise from the devleopment of this code and this was a checklist for me to go off of to make sure it is working properly.
3. What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
  This process of design documentation helped a lot with making sure I remember all the requirements of the game and maps out what I need to put into the code itself. The documentation of each software system helps identifying all the possible problems/ solutions that we have for each and then choosing the appropriate tool. Talking about each section like storage management, security, distributed networks, etc. helps make sure we are taking everything into consideration and shows our clients that we made a very descriptive analysis of our recommended choice and our thought process of the project. 
4. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
  One part of the document that I would revise would be the Evaluation section and what I would do is include the pricing of each software/ development tools for our client. I think that this is better to show because they would have an actual number to compare across platforms.  
5. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
  The way I interpreted their needs into my software design is by choosing Linux, a very friendly multi platform system for their game expansion. I made sure that it was an efficient selection and scalable for their software requirements. I chose it because it was cost friendly, has efficient memory management and is able to go across multiple platforms. It is important to consider the user's needs because it makes them feel like we are listenting and catering to their needs to reach a wider audience. They do it because they need our help and this will prove that our company will provide results for their problem at hand. 
7. How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
   I approached the software design by making sure I knew what was required of me, the tools that are used for development, memory management and security features. Walking through each section at a time made it more organized and more managable to finish. Focusing on each section makes sure that I take everything into consideration and I am not missing anything. I would use a lot of the same strategies of analyzing and designing a similar software application. I would write down the requirements, constraints, comparison evaluation and the recommendations. I think that this approach will help prevent errors/ document the thought process of each step that we can reference back to. It will also reduce less stress and a much higher quality work to show clients. 
